what's going on everybody ALJ coming at
you guys at the first review of 2013
that's right it is 2013 2012 is behind
us today's January 30 2013 we survived
everything that they said in 2012 to
world endings all that bad stuff that
was suppose that and I don't know if you
guys really believed it but personally I
had to work so I really didn't care too
much for it but either way we're here
2013 hopefully it'll be a nice nice year
for everybody a successful year more
than successful more successful than the
last and hopefully everybody just stay
safe so when you're down and we got 100
more to go so here we go today I'm doing
a tobacco review for you guys and this
one is hookah Phoenix chocolate kiss I
got this from Alex over at five star com
of course you smell your cut your color
your texture all that stuff is your
typical hookah fina stuff and I'm not
going to take it out because it is
dripping in this container even though
that I have a double sealed it is still
is still found a way to leak out so
that's that can indicate how do you see
it actually is its natural in color
which is a brownish beige in color and
the cut is uh I would say a medium to
large cut leaf as far as the smell when
I first smelt this flavor I wasn't too
excited to smoke it to be one hundred
percent honest just because it has a
strong floral aroma but with that floral
aroma comes a nice raspberry raspberry
fragrance and I think that's honestly
the big part of why it smells floral a
lot of the raspberry flavorings have
that you know floral aspect to it and
this one is no different it has a very
strong floral flavoring I would say and
then it has a nice undertone just a nice
subtle tone of a milk chocolate but I
got to slowed it up in a tan James Pico
with three or actually two and a half
cocoa jammas my Freda double water tap
on the device regular foil that I fold
it in half and a fancy hose so I'm gonna
show you guys a couple clouds evaluate
the flavor and give you guys my honest
opinion on hookah Phoenix chocolate kiss
so as the ice and see clouds a big white
puffy clouds never fails with Rufino who
could finger always produces those big
white massive puffy clouds as far as the
flavor string
as far as the flavor shanked I would say
it's fairly high on the flavor strength
um somewhere around a six I would say
maybe a 5.5 or six somewhat mild to
strong but not overly strong as far as
it's a back when the flavoring as a
whole
right off the bat the initial or
predominant type of flavoring is that
raspberry floral type of flavoring which
is a kind of turns me off towards this
flavor but it's still very good just
because that raspberry is nice but that
floral flavors sticks out a lot to
personally myself because I'm not a big
floral flan and then you get a nice mix
just nice like I said just like it
smells it's a nice very subtle chocolate
type of flavoring but it is definitely
noticeable as a chocolate flavoring so
that's basically all basically that's a
two key elements of this tobacco is a
nice subtle milk chocolate and then a
very strong raspberry floral type of
flavoring if you guys like 40 flavorings
if you guys like raspberry flavorings
last what whatever if you guys like
raspberry flavorings you guys might like
this actually if you guys dig chocolate
very subtle chocolate flavorings or you
guys like to mix a little bit of
chocolate into some some of your
tobacco's are some of your mixes you
guys will definitely like this flavoring
it's a nice mix but personally the
floral flavor still just is not
something that I'm really a fan of so
it's just not that great of a flavouring
personally in my personal opinion just
because I'm not a big floral flan to
begin with um so I'm going to go ahead
and rated a 6.5 to a seven just because
of that floral flavoring it just kind of
put it off but other than that those key
elements that raspberry in that milk
chocolate taste very very very good and
the fact that it smokes very well it's a
very smooth tobacco like hookah fina is
it's a very smooth tobacco it's a
tobacco that all the beginners or all
the new modern smokers can actually
smoke and handle without a problem you
can just throw some heat on here and
it's good to go but other than that it's
just it's just an okay flavor for myself
I smoke it every now and then like when
I say every now and then I probably
smoke at every once or twice a month not
too often just as a change of pace with
regarding my flavor palate scale but
other than that it's a good flavor I
would recommend it to those people who
like that floral mix who like that
raspberry for like that chocolate
collect that nice sweetness combination
with their smoking but other yeah like I
said it's a good flavoring so I'm gonna
go ahead and rage at a 6.5 to seven
that's right around that area if you
guys want to try hookah finos chocolate
kiss you can find this over at five star
hookah com I'm aoj revenue hardtail
explict quad hope you guys have a good
year